Help!
That woman is going to die here, come on
Phineas
Help me! Who put you here?
I can't say
I said I'd be beaten to death
You are all my woman, what are you afraid of?
Stinky bitch dares to seduce him in front of me and threaten him
Who allowed you to hurt him?
Keep him here
Then you have to ask him.
There's still a man hiding here
How long have I been here?
I only know Fei Ge
I don't know anyone else.
The mouth is still quite hard
Aren't people here?
What the hell is going on?
I can't believe you don't believe me.
Ah Fei, I saw it with my own eyes
I really saw it with my own eyes
I didn't lie to you.
I won't say it again
Don't touch me
Sister Hong, are you alright?